.TH makeswf 1 "27 Mar 2005" "" "Ming utils"
.\" $Id$
.SH NAME
makeswf - actionscript compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B makeswf [OPTIONS] <frame_content> ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B makeswf
is a command line interface to the Ming library actionscript compiler, with support for embedding
prebuilt content.
.PP
\fBframe_content\fR can be either: an ActionScript source file, a bitmap file (png or jpg), or an SWF file.
Non-ActionScript input files are currently only recognized by extension (png, jpg, swf). Files with
other extensions will be assumed to contain ActionScript source code.
.PP
Each \fBframe_content\fR will
be stored in a separate frame of the output.
.PP
ActionScript code is preprocessed using \fBcpp\fR before being compiled,
this allows (among many other things) grouping multiple sourcefiles
into a single frame by using \fB#include\fR directives. (See 
.SM
.B PREPROCESSOR
below.)
.PP
Bitmap or SWF content will be stored in a MovieClip named after the corresponding input filename with
path and extension removed. This allows easy referencing of the content by ActionScript code.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-o --output\fR <output>
Write SWF file to <output>. Default is ``out.swf''.
.TP
\fB\-s --size\fR <width>x<height>
Set output frame size in pixels (defaults to 640x480).
.TP
\fB\-r --frame-rate\fR <frame_rate>
Set output frame rate (defaults to 12).
.TP
\fB\-v --swfversion\fR <swfversion>
Set output SWF version (defaults to 6).
.TP
\fB\-c --compression\fR <compression_level>
Set output compression level (0 to 9). Defaults to 9.
Use -1 to disable.
.TP
\fB\-b --bgcolor\fR <background_color>
Set background color using hex form (0xRRGGBB).
If omitted, no SETBACKGROUNDCOLOR tag will be used.
.TP
\fB\-I\fR <dir>
Add <dir> to the include search path.
The option is passed to the C preprocessor.
.TP
\fB\-D\fR <macro>[=<def>]>
Define <macro>.
The option is passed to the C preprocessor.
.TP
\fB\-i --import\fR <library.swf>:<sym>[,<sym>]>
Import named symbols from the given SWF file and store them into a
.TP
\fB\-a --init-action\fR <source.as>[:<frameno>]
Compile the given source AS file as an init action for frame <frameno>.
.TP
\fB\-n --network-access\fR network|file
Force addition of a networkAccess flag with given value.
For SWF8 or higher the FileAttribute tag is mandatory so will be present anyway,
with a default of 'file' access. You can use this flag to both change the default
for SWF8+ and to provide the optional tag for SWF8-.
The tag basically determine the resources sandbox to use when the movie is loaded
from the filesystem, in an exclusive manner.
.TP
\fB\-h --help\fR 
Print quick help.
.TP
\fB\-V --version\fR 
Print version and copyright info.
.SH PREPROCESSOR
.B makeswf
invokes the C preprocessor on each of the given source filenames before
compiling them. The preprocessed version is named after the output file
with ".frame#.pp" appended; check this file when looking for line numbers
reported in syntax errors. 
.PP
An __SWF_VERSION__ macro is automatically provided so that
ActionScript code can act differently based on target player; it is set
to the output SWF version (changed with -v).
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Sandro Santilli <strk@keybit.net>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Code is released under the GNU GPL license.
